>> Steve Kinney: Hello, my name's Steve.
I'm the head of front engineering
at a company called Temporal.
We're gonna talk about web security,
which is unique and
different above just
even regular security.
I mean, it has all of the tenants
of regular keeping computers safe,
but it gets to be on the web, right?
Look, I use the words to
describe the situation.
I think the web is one of those
things where it's the good parts
are also the squirrely parts
at the same time right?
We took a text document viewer that had
this crazy idea that you could have words
that if you clicked on them or I guess hit
enter key over them would bring you to
another web page and
we decided what we should do with that.
We should build the world's
largest distributed application
platform on top of it.
And there are that comes with some quirks
that we're gonna find out about today.
And it also has some really great parts
y'all remember that period of our lives
about 10 years ago, where every time you
went to a restaurant to look at the menu,
they wanted you to
download their app right?
And that's that was annoying.
And now we're back to the good old
days of being able to just go and
we bring all the code into our browser.
The browser,
technically yes it compiles JavaScript.
It's a compiled language technically we
can get into V8 nerdery on another day.
But it compiles all that code and
runs the application on our machines,
which is different than having a compiled
app that you download from somewhere, so
on and so forth.
And that's really great for
a lot of reasons, right?
But it also is the scary part as well.
On top of that, even on it's best day,
the web is weird, right?
It is a whole bunch of random decisions
made over the course of decades,
some of them incredibly thought through,
some of them not so much,
some of them kind of just ad
hoc kind of put in place.
And sometimes there are sets of
words that are slightly different,
it mean kind of the same thing,
but not quite, right?
Which makes the kind of
understanding the mental model
of security on the web just a little bit
trickier, because you kind of have to
almost do a historical context
as you go through it, right?
And it's also one of those things, which
is very few of us would ever say hey,
do you think web security
is not important?
Very few people would say yes, right?
I think we've all seen enough really
bad exploits to know that when it gets
really bad it gets really bad.
And we know that on a deeply
philosophical level but
sometimes you got deadlines and
you definitely know that you're
gonna get some kind of pushback if
not all the features are there.
Or you didn't kind of implement
the design correctly but
the looming existential threat
of some kind of exploit or
attack seems to sometimes take backseat,
right?
And part of it is that a lot of times
we understand these certain things
that we've been told from the very
beginning, sanitize your inputs,
great, wonderful, right?
But it's a lot of times harder.
You need to think holistically about what
are the ways in which this application
could be attacked rather than
run through a checklist.
And that's kind of give you what we
covered today, which is not only hey, here
are some technologies and tools for making
sure that bad things don't happen to you.
At the same time, let's actually
understand how this stuff works
instead of just running
through a checklist or
just assuming your framework of
choice is gonna save you, right?
You can actually think about, okay,
these are ways that this
application would be vulnerable.
Let me think about that in my development.
And at the same time, we're gonna talk
about some of the trade-offs, right?
There are some things where yes, by doing
such and such, which we'll get to, right?
Your application will become more secure,
but
possibly the user experience might
be compromised, or the complexity of
the infrastructure that you're gonna need
to pull that off is maybe untenable.
Maybe you can't given the current setup,
right?
There are certain things about, yes, you
could do this with a green field app, but
it would also be a lot of complexity and
deployment.
And then not all of us work
on green field apps, right?
There's some times which
is this seems great.
I would love to do this.
I cannot for quote unquote reasons, also
known as the last 15 years of everything
my company's ever done, and
the way that everything's laid out.
There are certain things would you like
the strongest encryption algorithm in
the world?
Great, would you like logins
to take ten minutes no, right?
And so we'll kind of also talk
about some of those trade offs and
how that plays through as well.
And, again,
where this holistic thinking comes around,
which is I have this joke in my team.
That most of our worst bugs, and honestly,
we have not, I have been lucky so
far to not be at the wrong end of
any kind of massive security issue.
But I feel like most bugs and
most probably security issues
that we've seen that are notable and we
will look at case studies, it'll be great.
Are not because I don't care about
these things, they're either A,
I didn't even know that was a thing,
or B, the place where all bugs exist,
which is in a code review.
We had to do it like that because such and
such reason, right?
And sometimes when we
lack that mental model,
then it's hard to understand what
exactly those trade-offs are and
then somebody stamps the code review,
it gets approved, it goes out.
And then sadness happens either with
an incident or just the slow burn of
1,000 issues being followed by customers,
so on and so forth, right?
So by having this mental model, we have
the ability to get a sense of exactly what
we're dealing with and understand rather
than just looking can they go, no,
I have to do this thing maybe you don't.
Maybe there's actually a better
way to think about this and
a better way to do it.
And different sets of trade-offs.
So most of the vulnerabilities and
the technologies to solve them that we
see today, it's not do this one thing and
you are safe.
It is kind of hey, there's three
different layers of protection, right?
And maybe you can't do 100% of
all of them for reasons, and
those reasons will be different
depending on your app, I get it.
But by layering a content security policy,
along with sanitization,
along with certain attributes on a cookie.
You can get pretty robust coverage where
you maybe you don't have to do something
really squirrely, so
on and so forth, right?
Because those things slip through and
all of a sudden, yeah,
it was maybe a junior engineer team didn't
really understand what a CSRF token was.
And just did the most naive thing
they found on stack overflow.
We can kind of have those ability
to kind of at least get a sense and
think about what are the trade offs here.
And then at the same time, right?
How do we actually structure
our applications to make this
stuff easier, right?
And we'll kinda talk about
that as we go through as well.
And the kinda other piece I kind of
referenced before is separating.
There are things that we think we
understand about origins and cookies and
stuff along those lines.
There are these kinda just things we
we've read in a tweet before, right,
about what to do.
And actually understand, which is okay,
this is actually how it works,
cuz it's really most times, it's not
that an app was wide open when it gets
exploited or attacked,
it's there was some tiny little edge case.
That an attacker managed to
kinda wedge themselves into and
pry your application open right?
Most of the attacks
are somewhat sophisticated, and
it's really one of those things too, which
is if you are really good at security and
you're doing your job incredibly well.
Nobody notices because it's one of
those things that you only really
notice if the bad thing happens, right?
And we'll kinda see what the surface area
of the bad thing is 'cause it's kinda on
one hand it is sometimes tempting
to be I'm a front end engineer.
I it's just text files on the internet.
We should be good, right?
But then you also have to kind of realize
at the same time that you are the front
line of defense right?
That is what the user is
interacting with that we could
actually be the doorway into
the backend systems, right?
And kind of taking that
incredibly seriously and
also understanding that on the internet,
nobody really knows who you are, right?
Which is good ways and bad ways, but
it means that we assume that a user is who
they are because they have a certain
authtoken or a cookie, right?
Should the wrong person get that, or
should the person be able to
simulate being that person right?
Again, the keys to the castle are open.
So the stuff becomes, I think,
more important than we tend to think it is
because I don't even have the keys to the
database, I'm like "You do... To a certain extent,
because if they get that user session,
they can be that user.
And if they get your user session
with admin privileges or whatever,
that's a thing too.
And again, just because you use
your framework of choice or
whatever does not mean you are safe,
right?
One of the things will kinda see in our
time together that felt really scary,
you're not safe, even if you use react.
But you can still do little innocuous
things in the business logic of your
code that no framework is gonna
be able to save you from, right?
And so hopefully what we seek to do
today is to kind of train ourselves,
to kind of get that effective
subconscious sixth sense
about this feels a little weird or
I think there might be a problem here.
Then also,
rather than we will have to cover some,
look at this policy, so on and so forth.
But we'll kinda look at it through the
lens of breaking open some little simple
applications, right?
So we think about it from the this is
how it might be exploited rather than
here's a checklist of things I was told
I should do on the Internet right?
So yeah, we're gonna dig in and
just on a high level some of
the things we're gonna cover together.
We're gonna talk about some of
the common vulnerabilities found in
many web applications.
This is a limited period of time
that we get to spend together.
So I try to figure out what
are the kind of ones that are broadly
applied everywhere, right?
So some things will always be unique
to your exact situation, right?
We'll talk about how to have the general
policies to cover that, right?
In terms of maybe if you use express,
it's gonna be very different
than if you use Ruby on Rails.
It's very different than
your backend is in go.
But the kind of principles around these
are things that affect web applications
writ large.
We will use node and express 'cause
it feels like a lingua franca.
But the idea is to keep the things that
apply to the widest range of situations
you might face in your day to day.
At the same time we'll take a look at
some of these simple applications and
figure out how to break them open.
I will say this again, but
I'll say it now as well.
For a lot of these applications, we've
got a bunch of little demo examples and
exercises.
A lot of them highlight a particular,
either safeguard or
a particular vulnerability.
But I did choose to leave a whole bunch
of other vulnerabilities in different
examples
as well, because most of the time,
the attacks that you
see are not just they just
violated the CSRF token, right?
It's they use that to then launch a
cross-site scripting attack to then steal
a session and become a user, right?
So for a lot of these demos,
there are multiple ways that once
you kinda get to the main thing.
You can kind of explore
a little bit on your own and
see how much damage you can really cause.
And the other thing that I will just
kinda call out as we go through some of
these examples,
which is if it is possible to break
into an app that was meant to be secure.
I have to assume that when I was
making intentionally broken apps,
there are probably more ways than I even
initially thought, especially 'cause some
of them I made a long time ago and
forgot even where I hid the trapdoor.
So for a lot of these, I think if we get
a chance, if you find something new and
interesting as well, let's bring it up and
explore it, because there are lots of
different vectors for these because
they are effectively not the most secure
things in the world intentionally,
but maybe in some novel ways that were
somewhat unexpected with the way
they all overlay with each other.
And the call here, as I kinda mentioned,
is to get a reasonably
deep understanding right?
Let me tell you as somebody who has
read 10 books on this in the last month,
the rabbit hole can go pretty deep right?
But to get kind of reasonable kind of sense of this thing
that's practical in the day-to-day, right?
So we'll kinda cover, again,
I said before, those common vectors.
There's some weird things you can do to
a Graph QL resolver that feels a little
beyond this, but
maybe we'll talk about it as well.
But understand that so as you go in,
you're I see things that I didn't
see before is kind of the hope and
dream that we have by the end of this.
But again,
there's all set of trade-offs, right?
There are certain policies which maybe,
again, depending on the way that you're,
maybe API is technically
in a different domain.
Well, you have a new set of problems then,
right?
Maybe login is jumping between
six different micro-services.
Yeah and maybe again, using certain,
super strict settings,
degrades your user experience
to a point where it's this.
Yeah, what app nobody's gonna break into?
One that nobody wants to use right?
And so, we'll talk about some of those trade offs
and the complexity costs, because, yeah.
Perfect is almost definitely
the enemy of the good in this case.
So we'll make sure that we kinda have,
it's not just do this thing
cuz I was told to do it.
But it's do this thing cuz I
actually understand how it works and
I understand the risk reward here and
I'm going to this with my eyes wide open.